Related work (#20)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/introduction.tex

The model is trained on a calibration dataset consisting of LIBS data from 408 terrestrial rock samples, simulated to mimic Martian conditions\cite{cleggRecalibrationMarsScience2017}.

The Mars Science Laboratory has made notable progress in planetary exploration, largely relying on models like the Multivariate Oxide Composition (MOC) to interpret Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy (LIBS) data from Martian geological samples.

> Despite its utility, the domain experts from the ChemCam team have observed that the existing MOC model exhibits limitations in both predictive accuracy and robustness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite its utility, a domain expert from the ChemCam team has observed that the existing MOC model exhibits limitations in both predictive accuracy and robustness.
```

1 informant, so singular?
